From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hanselman. It's a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologists. Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number one
96. Recorded live Thursday, January 21st, 2010.
Support for Hanselman it's just
provided by Tellerik rad controls,
the most comprehensive suite of
components for windows forms and
ESP got that web applications
online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks about new features in
dotnet four with Jason Olson. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman, and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes coming up on
episode 200 here. I'm not
really sure what I'm going
to do for episode 200,
but it'll be cool or
it'll be just another show,
but this in fact is
a show with Jason Olson. My
good buddy from Microsoft DPE.
How's it going, Jason? It's
going very well. How about
yourself, Scott? Oh, you know,
I'm getting there. Can you
do me a favor please?
Every time I try to
explain what DPE is, I
get in trouble. I went
on a show called hurting
code. I explained how I
understood it. And then I
got emails from people saying,
well, it's not really like
that. It's more like this.
So do me a favor.
Put me and you into
context at Microsoft. So I
think evangelism as a role
is pretty interesting. DP of
course stands for developer and
platform evangelism. So it's entirely
an evangelism organization and actually
there's fair. There's a good
amount of work and type
of work in common that
we do with you and
your team. Thinking about technical
evangelism here at corporate. The
biggest disconnect is that here
in corporate, we have technical
evangelists and then in the
field, we may have developer
evangelists, academic evangelists, ISV evangelists,
and all sorts of field
personnel around the world. That'll
go talk to directly to
customers or directly to an
ISV or directly to schools
sharing all the stuff that's
coming out on Microsoft technology,
really from an evangelism standpoint.
Now, one thing that I've
come to appreciate over my
time in DPE that in
the past, I've always pushed
back and said, you know,
DPE is not a marketing
org. It's not marketing. And
the more I've learned about
marketing and marketing's role in
the life cycle of a
product and all that kind
of stuff, my coworkers might
kill me, but DPE is
most definitely very valuable as
a marketing organization. That's what
I always say that like
I like, we're all trying
to sell Microsoft, I guess,
effectively in the sense that
we work and we want
the man to be successful.
I always think of my
team is like an education
team and we're not really
pushing any particular agenda, But
you guys are given, you
know, your bosses want you
to talk about certain things,
right? Yeah. In technical evangelism
here at corporate, the extent
of what they want us
to talk about is really
the technology we're focused on.
So on the team I'm
on, we're focused on visual
studio, 2010 and.net framework four.
So basically anything within that
realm, we're allowed to talk
about even helping the product
team figure out what's the
messaging about this. And what's
valuable about this feature, or
frankly, sometimes we find ourselves
what's not valuable about this.
Where's the disconnect that the
product team doesn't see and
doing that reverse feedback as
well. And what is the
difference between the DPE people
that work in Redmond and
the ones that are wandering
around the world? So the
ones that work in Redmond,
the technical evangelists have very
close ties directly back to
the product team almost to
the extent that we're a
natural extension of the product
team. Like, you know, John
Papa with silver lights and
now managing sensibility framework and
stuff. He's technically not on
those teams, he's in DPE,
but he might as well
be on those teams. So
we have very close ties,
both to the product teams
and as well as the
marketing organization to help push
all our stuff through the
marketing channels and push all
our steps to the people
in the field who were
then going to be the
ones scaling all the effort
to talk to customers directly
in a specific geographic location.
Okay, cool. Okay. That will,
that makes sense. That's pretty
much what I, how I
thought it worked, but somehow
I always explain it much
less eloquently than that, but
enough nonsense about job descriptions
and stuff. Talk to me
about.net for, cause I know
you've been doing a lot
of stuff and done it
for, and you know, we're
coming up on, well, you
know, it's going to come
out soon, right? So what
should we know? There's a
pile of stuff probably more
than we can fit into
one show, but what are
the highlights from the point
of view of a view?
So what's interesting is from
me in our Donna framework
evangelism team, I tend to
cover some of the lower
level library and language stuff.
And then my cohort, my
partner in crime, Jonathan Carter focuses
more on data, access the
web stack and all that
kind of stuff. So it's
amazing when you look at
the entire picture of Donna
framer for we're talking about
a really huge release, you
know, one might argue that
it's too big and Microsoft
needs to learn to modularize
better, but at the end
of the day, it's a
very big release all the
way down the stack. So
I tend to focus on
things like C sharp four
in the enhancements coming in
C sharp for the enhancements
coming in, visual basic some
basic F sharp work, as
well as the CLR itself,
which has a bunch of
changes in it. Not to
even mention the BCL type
improvements with the managing sensibility
framework, parallel extensions to the
dominant framework, all that kind
of stuff. Some of that
are drastically different programming models
than we have access to
today. And on that three,
five S P one, All
right, well then let's start
at the low level stuff
and work our way up.
So this is an all
new CLR and the dotnet
for CLR is side by
side. So you can have
this installed with your existing
sealer and it doesn't, it
doesn't break anything. Absolutely. And
what I find exciting about
what they've done with side
by side in CLR four
is that before with previous,
with CLR too, we were
of course able to have
out of process side by
side, where both could be
on the same machine, but
there were some issues with
auto rolling forward and all
that kind of stuff that
we know about. But with
CLR four, we're also supporting
in-process side by side. So
within the same process, you
can have both the CLR
and CLR two loaded at
the same time. Let's say
if you have a host
application where the host needs
to rev itself, as well
as it wants to rev
itself, let's say the host
wants to be running on
CLR for, but in order
to not break all its
various addins and plugins, it
wants the plugins to run
in CLR to that's PR
that's possible now with this
new in-process side by side
support and CLR for, Because
I remember that this was
a big problem when I
was moving from one, one
to two, Oh, when I
had existing plugins, not just
ones that ran in outlook,
but also ones that ran
in windows Explorer because basically
whatever CLR got their first
one. Exactly. Now you actually,
your comm objects and your
plugins, their choice of CLR
is respected. Yeah, absolutely. And
this is a big deal,
especially when you consider, you
know, how is Microsoft going
to take its own properties
like windows and office and
such and fully embraced.net. And
it just was not possible
without in-process side by side
because of those issues, like
you mentioned, with Explorer and
everything where it's fundamentally its
own process in one process.
So I, I actually put
a thing on my blog
a couple of days ago
about pushing this out via
windows update. And I asked
a bunch of people to
try to basically put in
a little opt in registry
key so that they might
get wind to m.net framework
over windows update. A couple
of things that I noticed
that were cool about done
at four was that it's
really small the client. It
was like 20, 28 megs
or something like that. Yeah.
They've been a lot of
work in that area. Yeah.
It was crazy small and
it, it installed much faster.
It just seemed, I don't
know. I mean, I'm just,
I'm I'm I don't work
on that team, but it
just seemed like it was
lighter weight somehow or, you
know, just generally that the
club is only bringing down
the client, you like, this
means that if your, if
your mom wants to install
like a dotnet Twitter client,
she's not going to go
and get asp.net. So you're
getting the.net framework, you know,
client piece. Right. Which is
all, most people will ever
need on their machine. Exactly,
exactly. Yeah. The other thing
that I think is important
when it comes to installing
the dominant framework for is
because we're not automatically rolling
older applications, let's say I
have dominant framework three, five
installed, and I have an
application that's targeting three five.
If I installed antonym framework
four, we will automatically run
those applications against four we'll
go ahead and run them
against three five. And you
kind of have to opt
in to say automatically roll
me forward. So it helps
with kind of the backwards
compatibility issues that we've faced
in the past with previous
Don and framework released. Okay.
So that means hanging out
with us. So that means
that if I installed it
in a framework, it's not
going to promote my app
without asking, or do I
have to actually opt in
Actually opt in and either
compar, recompile the app specifically
for four or via configuration
say, yes, I want you
to automatically run me in
the context of Donna framework.
Okay. Well, that's good. So
then I could have basically,
you know, I can even
have, I suppose CLR one,
two, three, and four all
on the same machine CLR
rather but done in framework.
And it'll, it'll all just
work. What I like about
that, looking back at previous
jobs I've had, when you
have 30, 40, who knows
how many applications that you're
in charge of, then you
can truly pick and choose
one by one, which ones
you want to take forward
to the new version of
the Hmm. That's cool. Yeah.
Yeah. I think being able
to have all that stuff
in the same IIS instance
could be really important. Cause
I know, I mean like
my last company, we, we
still have one, one applications
out there and a lot
of people do and, and
you know, it's one of
those, if it ain't broke,
don't fix it kind of
a situation. Certainly I don't
want to have to install
a new framework if I've
got an existing app, but
if I'm, you know, maybe
extending that app in an
easy way, but I've also
heard that done at, for,
and I've experienced this with
a couple of my apps
is pretty compatible in the
sense that like, you know,
I know that we've got
dusk blog running on version
four, you know, it's, it's,
it's it's side by side
and it feels like, like
it's dramatically different, but from
a compatibility perspective, it doesn't
seem to be breaking piles
of stuff. But you were
talking about low level, what
kind of low level things
have changed that I might
want to watch out for
Actually not a lot of
things. One that actually may
potentially have an impact if
you're using it heavily is
one that frankly it's a
change that I'm really proud
of that the team has
done that I think has
potential impacts, but we hope
won't have huge impacts in
that the changes in the
CLR for security level. So
essentially the way that I'd
like to say this to
people is code access security
is dead. Hmm. Okay. I'll
kind of let that settle
in where, you know, this
idea of a machine level
policy. That's very, when it
comes to what code can
or can't do is absolutely
gone in dominant framework for
that's been obsoleted. And in
fact, when you installed on
a framework for there, the
machine level policy of code
access decree, your Kaz is
disabled. It's just not Okay.
So now I'm, I begin
to panic now what now
what now talk me down.
Yes, absolutely. So first of
all, the first thing to
talk you down is that
if you need code access
security, there is a configuration
option that you can set
in your app app dot
config to say, yes, I
want you to use the
legacy code access security option.
So that's first one. If
you're making heavy use of
it. Now, the second thing
is by saying there's no
code access security. We don't
mean there's no security period.
What the CLR for what
the full desktop CLR has
done is that it's adopted
the Silverlight model of security,
where we're talking about this
security transport, transparent code, essentially,
where there's the ability of
when you think of attributes
like allow partially trusted callers
and the relationship between untrusted
and trusted code rather than
being merely a verification layer.
That's the full blown security
layer is now as well.
So really the model to
implement security in your application
becomes a heck of a
lot easier than it was.
If I have a host
application that has a set
of Atkins, I, when I
spin up a separate app
domain to host the Atkins,
then I just make my
host API say, these are
the full trusted assemblies that
I'm going to trust and
they're going to run it
full trust. And then if
any of the admins actually
try to reference my what's
called critical code, then that
fails transparent code can not
call into critical code that's
at runtime. If you try
to do that by calling
a method or something in
a critical library that will
throw a runtime exception, that's
a failure. It's not allowed
well in the middle of
transparent code and critical code.
We have what's called safely
critical code, which is, this
is the stuff that you
exposing. I have designed this
specifically to be used and
called from transparent callers. So
this way I can, I
can essentially expose my host
API or a subset of
my host API that I'm
saying my admins are designed
to use these assemblies. So
that way they still get
all the functionality they want.
But if some random addin
tries to call, file dot,
read, or filed, autopen on
some system level or even
on some random file that
will fail because that file
API is considered critical code.
That transparent code isn't allowed
to. I see. So it's,
it's granular, but it's just
not as an intensely granular
as it was before. Right?
Exactly. And the problem with
code access security, wasn't only
the granular aspect of it.
It was the fact that
since you add something completely
external to your application, being
the machine config file, you
could deploy your application. If
it was cows Calves, being
codex, a security, Right? Yeah.
Using code access security, you
deployed your application to two
different environments and the applications
could behave completely differently all
depending on that machine config.
So I could have an
it pro or something that
changes what the machine config
is allowed to do on
a machine, which might break
my application. And so I
would deploy my application there.
It would break and it
would be kind of a
confusing figuring out why it's
broken when it's not broken
on any other machine. So
it became this huge complex
matrix where when you're developing
an app at development time,
if you were using code
access security, you couldn't guarantee
what the security context was
going to be at runtime.
Hey everybody, this is Scott
coming at you from another
place in time. No doubt.
You'll probably bump into testing
tasks now, and then, and
your work and, you know,
writing functional tests is probably
not your favorite thing. It's
kind of difficult. It takes
time and the results can
be dubious. Well, I'll get
ready to start liking tests.
Thanks to Tellerik with the,
the new web testing framework.
Building web automation test is
a breeze. You've got code
automation with advanced asp.net, Ajax
and server light applications. You
can write a single test,
have it executed against multiple
browsers at once. You'd benefit
from a rich API there's
link support integration with visual
studio, unit testing, also end
unit X unit and MB
unit, not to mention the
free rappers for Telerik rad
controls for ESPN and Ajax
and several light, all shipping
with Telerik's new testing tool.
One of the best features,
the webinar testing framework, which
is developed by art of
test is it's absolutely free.
Freddie got hooked on web
by testing framework, start using
it right away, go to
tellerik.com for more info. Thanks
a lot. Alright, so talk
to me about language level
stuff. What's, what's new, what's
better in like C-sharp and
VB. So this is one
where C-sharp and VB, both
of them, the way I
really talk about the improvements
that are coming is this
topic that you hear this
all the time and like
the Ruby world is this
ceremony versus essence. Now it
seems kind of ridiculous at
first to talk about ceremony
versus FN essence for a
statically type language. But I
think it's very true in
the case of, let's say
C-sharp for, if we're going
to dig into specific features
of C sharp for like
the idea of named and
optional parameters is one where
now I can actually, when
I call a method in
my code, I can actually
explicitly say this method, or
excuse me, this parameter name.
So parameter name, colon, and
then the value. And why
I talk about that as
a ceremony versus the essence
issue is the things that
we had to do before
nearly to jump through the
hoops of the compiler in
order to express what we
wanted in code. So the
idea of optional values and
method calls frequently, we would
use method overloading, for example,
where method overloading is a
great language feature, but I
think it's a language feature
that's not meant to express
optional values. It's really meant
to express a method that's
called with different contexts. You
know, in the time that,
you know, if you have,
you know, in some case
of the framework, API APIs,
eight different method, overloads strictly
to express, you know, optional
parameters where one method overload
calls into another method, overload,
passing it in extra value
and so on. I think
it breaks down really quickly.
And it's a lot of
ceremony that you have to
jump through when the presence
of optional parameters and being
able to just say, you
know, in the method declaration
that this value, if it's
not specified defaulted to true,
you know, that is much
more concise with the essence
of the code and what
the developer's actually wanting to
express. So we have named
an optional parameters and the
other big one for C
sharp for that obviously has
a lot of heat in
debate going on about it
is the dynamic keyword. And
to me, the dynamic keyword,
yes, it will, of course
be abused. I mean, we
see other language features abused
as well, but the usefulness
of the dynamic keyword, I
think about it strictly from
an inter-op scenario when you're
interrupting with dynamic code, when
you're interrupting, perhaps with XML,
that's where the dynamic keyword
really comes in handy. Because
frankly, if you're going to,
if you have a scenario
where you're trying to use
it in a bunch of
places, why not just use
a dynamic language. So I
think its real power is
for working like interfacing with
dynamic languages or interfacing, let's
say with comm interfacing with
XML, to me, the dynamic
keyword is all in interop
feature really at the core
of it. But would you
consider it interrupt to talk
C-sharp to like Python or
Ruby? Is that interrupt or
is that just two different
languages talking to each other?
No, I would absolutely consider
that interrupt because we're talking
about a static type system
trying to communicate through a
dynamic type system, which is
kind of a fundamental shift
that you're having to kind
of bridge this rift that
exists between the two. So
I would definitely consider that
an interrupt scenario, just like
I would consider C-sharp to
calm and interrupt scenario. Okay.
It's always explained the dynamic
keyword cause people always, I
was actually presenting a couple
of days ago and someone
said, well, you know, this
is just like VAR. And
I said, well, you know,
VAR is the VAR. Keyword
is your way of saying
kind of I'm too lazy
to tell you what this
is, but I'm pretty sure
you'll figure it out. Actually
I'm a hundred percent sure
you'll figure it out while
the dynamic keyword is the,
I really have absolutely no
idea. And not only can
I not figure it out,
but you probably won't be
able to figure out you
have the compiler until a
runtime. Yeah. Yeah. Really the
dynamic keyword, all it all
I think about it is
essentially runtime dispatch. It's just
runtime called dispatching where you're
saying, you know, I want
you to bind this as
late as possible. Don't figure
out until runtime, what the
heck you need to do
because that's where you'll have
the information that's necessary. What
about VB? What's the love
for VB? Cause it's C
sharp four, but it's VB
10, I guess they're calling
it. Yeah. Visual basic 10.
So VB 10 has actually
several features that have come
forward from previous versions of
C-sharp like you have auto
implemented properties. You have statement
Lambdas, you have multiline Lambdas
stuff that a C sharp
developers seems pretty silly cause
we've had it all along.
But we're real sore points
when writing code with visual
basic nine, because especially as
you're trying to work with
the library, that's perhaps Landa
heavy or very, very heavy
or very, very frequent use
of Lambdas. It became very
painful because there were all
sorts of hacks you'd have
to do where you would
have to implement, implement a
temporary method two in order
or a temporary function. And
then perhaps even return nothing.
If it was just a
statement, which was very, very
ugly. So that stuff is
taken care of and that's
very powerful. And then the
other one is auto implemented
properties is a big one,
which of course we haven't
C-sharp but as a C
sharp developer, why I'm jealous
frankly of visual basic auto
implemented properties is that you
can have your auto prop
and then immediately say, you
know, dim block is property
equals and then the default
value, whereas in C sharp,
like in the constructor or
something else, then you would
have to set the auto
profit, but you can do
it in line with visual
basic. And then one of
the other big ones, which
gets a lot applause when
I'm talking to visual, basic
developers is the removal or
the introduction of implicit line
continuation. So you don't have
to have, for most cases,
you don't have to have
that silly underscore character at
the end of a line
to denote, Hey, this continues
onto the next line, which
is really important when you
have lines, I suppose that
you can have that if
you, if you want to,
which means that old style
code works fine, but you
don't need it anymore. Right?
Right. Yeah. That would certainly
make multiline Lambdas a lot
easier. Now you want to,
do you want a demo
awhile back called Contoso automotive,
which was basically a, you,
you, you always downplay it
Jason, but it's, it's a
kind of, it's a cool
WPF application that it talks
about a theoretical car dealership
and it's got kind of
this generated in memory database
of a couple of hundred
thousand cars and it's got
a plug in model and
it uses a parallel extensions.
It uses PFX and some
of the new stuff that
makes multithreaded and multi-core just
so much easier. And I
use this demo all the
time. I think it's, I
think it's a great demo.
Talk to me about what
we did with parallel extensions
in that and why that,
why I'm, why you know,
why, but why do I
like that demo so much?
Cool. So first of all,
shameless self plug I've gone
ahead and rev Contoso automotive.
Cause there were legal issues
I had to do, like
not using actual real car
dealers and that kind of
stuff. Yeah, exactly. So I
had to change that made
up, you know, use Lauren
Maura MIPS, some to make
up some make-believe car models
and stuff. So, and that's
packaged with our visual studio,
2010 in.net framework for training
kit that our team produces.
I'll make sure to get
you a URL that you
can include in the show
notes to it. What I
love about the parallel extensions
when it comes to using
it as a way to
build a responsive UI like
I did with the simple
app of console automotive, is
that fundamentally in parallel extensions,
the new primitive that you're
dealing with is this task
object where you don't even
have to worry about threads
anymore. You really focus on
tasks, which are very, almost
declarative in a way, not
declarative, as we typically think
it, but declarative in the
sense that you're telling the
computer, you're telling the com
the library, this is what
I want to get done.
I don't care how it
gets done. Just do it.
I don't care if you
do it on another thread.
do it on the same
thread, you figure that out
for me, but I'm declaring,
this is the task that
needs to be run and
why I use it in
Contoso automotive, as, as opposed
to like background worker or
something else, is that tasks
not only are very powerful
for chaining. So I can
say, and I do say
in Contoso automotive, disabled, the
search buttons. When I actually
execute a search, disable the
search button, then in a
task, run this query to
return the search results. And
then I say, dot continue
with, and then enable search.
So no matter whether that
task fails or what, it'll
automatically continue in order to
enable the re enable the
search. And so I have
this way of almost building
a hierarchy of tasks that
need to be completed or
that I'm going to run.
And then on top of
that, there's this cancellation token
sources. What we call it,
think of this as just
a simple way of a
flag that you can pass
around that says, Hey, when
I signal this, when I
turn on the light, when
it goes off, then cancel
anything that hasn't run yet.
So in the case of
parallel extensions, when I'm doing
the parallel version of the
search for every car, for
every type of car that
it searches against, which is
potentially to six cars, then
it'll actually allow me to
cancel everything to where I
just on the token, I
just say, cancel anything that's
going on. And then the
parallel extensions library will take
care of, Oh, you know,
this, these four queries haven't
run yet. So I'm just
going to throw them out
cause they don't need to
run. And it's a simple
matter where if you look
on the event handler for
the cancel button, it's just
essentially sourced dot canceled. And
I don't have to worry
about anything else. Everything is
automatic. The, all the search
buttons are re enabled. All
the queries are canceled, taken
care of for you by
the library. It's very powerful,
Right? And the way that
it's written is, is, is
very kind of, it's very
fluid. It's very fluent. It's
like, you're, you're saying, you
know, task is a task
fast read, what is it?
What does a task factory
dot task dot starts? I'm
like that Task dot factory
dot start new, and then
you pass it a Lambda.
You say, basically do this.
So you're saying start this
new task. And that happens
in the background. And then
you pass in the cancellation
token and it's kind of
a, it's just this free
object that is really, really
smart about threading so that
you can have your cancel
button, call that without having
to worry about making that
call. And then in the
middle of your loop, you
just check to see if
that's a gone bad or
does it just stop the
threat automatically? Yeah. The version
that I have now will
essentially check to say, Hey,
if I canceled it, I
believe we'll check to say,
if a cancellation is requested,
then go ahead and silently
exit, whatever you're doing now,
what's really cool is there's
going to be some improvements
where they're thinking about the
point where it'll automatically like
that's the sequential version, the
sequential version that does a
for each over the queries.
And does it will do
is cancellation requested, just return.
But the other one, if
you look at it, doesn't
do that. You, I do
have a parallel dot for
each one, which is another
very powerful construct where I
passed in the search or
I've passed in the cancellation
token. And I just run
my queries in that. And
then if the cancellation token
is fired, it'll automatically take
care of, okay, I don't
need to do the other
iterations of the parallel dot
for each and all that
kind of stuff automatically for
you. I've heard them say
that this is concurrency for
the masses is like the
tagline that people have. Yeah.
That's the longterm vision for
parallel. The parallel computing platform
team work is they want
to get where concurrency for
the masses, where you don't
have to have, you know,
your Einstein's are very smart.
People dedicated strictly to concurrency
issues. You know, you want
the people in the trenches
to be able to address
concurrency and parallelism. It's certainly
an improvement in visual studio,
2010. It's not all the
way yet. You still have
to know a lot about
potential dead blocks and performance,
optimizing your code and everything.
Cause you still can hang
yourself. But it's a drastic
step in a really cool
direction that they're going to
continue to take. I think
that when you just said
that you don't have to
be like an Einstein. You,
I don't think it's about
being really, really smart for
me. It's been about it's
about tediousness. There's been so
many times when I've, I've
wanted to add something multithreaded
to an application where even
something like, Oh, I'll just
spin off a thread. It's
just, you know, it's just
not worth the hassle, this
particular project or task or
whatever I'm working wrong. It's
just not worth the, the,
the, the effort, because I'm
always concerned that I'm going
to get the threading wrong.
So I like that that
this is basically encapsulated best
practices for what kind of
those basics. And I thought
it was mostly just basics,
but then Steven TOB, who
works on the team, came
out with this amazing white
paper. That's like 113 pages
or something. Absolutely parallel programming
patterns. Yeah. Parallel programming patterns.
And I was like, Oh
wow, this is so much
deeper than I gave it
credit for. He talks at
the beginning about what he
called. I think it was
embarrassingly SIM embarrassingly parallel, but
then he changed it to
delightfully parallel. These are, yeah,
these are algorithms and problems
that really lend themselves to
parallelism delightfully parallel in the
sense of, there's really no
reason that this can't be
on multiple threads in a
multiple cores. And then as
you move forward in the,
in this little, in this
chapter of this mini book
that he's written, then you
start getting into some really
hardcore, interesting problems that are,
that are much more, much
more complicated. So this is
not just for throw off
something in a background thread,
but you can do some
intense computing with this thing,
Very intense. And it's a
very capable library that frankly,
the Contoso automotive example just
shows, you know, how to
do it simple in the
context of, you know, a
responsive UI. But it's absolutely
so much more than that.
It's not even fun. Wow.
That's crazy. Yeah. So I'm,
I, I hear and forgive
me if I'm telling tales
or anything, but you're, you're
moving into a different role.
You've been in DP while
is that okay to talk
about? Yeah, it is. I've
been in VPE now. Wow.
It's hard to believe. Three
and a half years, I
originally started on windows server
2008 and then migrated over
to visual studio 2010 in
dominant framework for, and have
moved on now onto a
product team, actually shipping code.
So I'm going to be
leaving CPE. And as of
well, by the time this
airs, it'll probably be already
the case, but I'll be
working as a PM in
windows focused on the developer
experience. So you're going to
be responsible. You'd be pink.
You'd be PM-ing. You're gonna
be program manager of a,
of a feature on, on
windows Or multiple features on
windows. We'll wait and see
and see how that goes.
Pretty exciting. I can't believe
that a future version of
windows is going to ship
and I'll be able to
open something up on windows
and be like, see that
I helped that calculator. That
was all me. See that
new note pad, see that
button in notepad, notepad. Jason.
That's my goal in life
is to rock notepad. Alright,
cool. Well, congratulations. That's awesome.
Thanks a bunch. I'm really
looking forward to it. Cool.
Well, thanks for coming on
the show and talking to
me about some of the
low level stuff you sent
me the links and I'll
put them on the show
site for  and some
of the parallel extensions. Yeah,
that sounds great. It's been
a pleasure, Scott. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes. I'll see you again
next week.